{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hit \'91command\'92 + \'91space\'92\
	type in \'91terminal\'92\
\
In your new terminal window you can do some simple commands:\
	\'91ls\'92 = list all files in the directory\
	\'91cd + \'93directory name\'94 = change you to requested directory\
These two commands will get you far. Try them out.\
\
\'93cd ~\'94 will always bring you to your root folder. In this folder type\
\'91mkdir Code\'94 *or whatever you want to name this new folder\
\
Then type \'91cd Code\'92 (or whichever name you chose for your new directory). Once we are here either download the tutorial code or move/copy tutorial code into this folder. This is the directory we will be working in.\
\
Try \'91open Function.java\'92\
\
You\'92re now in your development environment and can start to code!!\
Check out the TODO comments in the functions.\
Think about how you would go about completing these problems.\
Remember to save and save often!\
\'93Command + s\'94\
\
Once you have completed the TODO sections remember to save your work, and now we can move to running your program (assuming you did everything correctly on your first try).\
\
Time to return to your Terminal window. Type in \'91ls\'92. If you see \'91Function.java\'92 and \'91Startup.java\'92 in your current directory we\'92re able to continue. If not \'91cd\'92 into \'91Code/\'91 directory.\
\
From here we can compile our Java code.\
This can be done with the following command:\
\'91javac [fileName].java\'92	*replace fileName with Functions in this example*\
\'91javac *.java\'92  is a shortcut to compile all files ending with .java, fyi.\
\
Result may vary from here on out. And so the debugging begins! This is a great learning experience. Try to read through any error messages one at a time. Once you resolve the top error, redo the above process and try resolving the next issue. Remember to save after each update of your code before completing the compile process. And Google is your friend!!\
\
When your program is free of issue your command prompt will return with an empty new line.\
Now we can see your program in action.\
Run the Startup program by typing into your Terminal:\
\'91java Startup\'92\
Follow the prompts in your Terminal window.\
If you\'92ve correctly programmed the Functions class, everything should run smoothly.\
\
Congrats! You\'92ve learned how to properly code Functions!!}